capital = 219

oob = "SOV_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
  armored_car1 = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 2
	communism = 88
}

create_faction = Comintern
add_to_faction = SOV
puppet = UKR

add_ideas = {
	SOV_Focus_on_the_inside_idea
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	trotskyite_plot
	home_of_revolution
    RUS_Death_of_white_bandits
    Powerful_influence_idea 
    SOV_lacking_industrialization_1
    SOV_Legacy_of_the_Great_Famine
    SOV_red_army_idea
    nkvd
}







add_namespace = {
	name = "unit_leader_sov"
	type = unit_leader
}

recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_nonna
recruit_character = SOV_trista_sestina
recruit_character = SOV_alina
recruit_character = SOV_klara
recruit_character = SOV_inia_sestina
recruit_character = SOV_katyusha
recruit_character = SOV_sovetskaya_rossiya
recruit_character = SOV_cryska_barchenowa
recruit_character = SOV_Skyph_Izhevska
recruit_character = SOV_joseph_dzhugashvili
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzaevsky
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_fyodorovich_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_iona_yakir
recruit_character = SOV_ma_zhongying
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_vatutin
recruit_character = SOV_anna_morozova
recruit_character = SOV_voyskovoy_s._kompleka
recruit_character = SOV_georgiy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_max_reyter
recruit_character = SOV_sonia_zima
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_andrei_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chuikov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_oktyabrskiy
recruit_character = SOV_arseniy_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chapayeva
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_aliyarbekov

##
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_shliapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_krestinsky
recruit_character = SOV_alexei_rykov
recruit_character = SOV_alexandra_kollontai
recruit_character = SOV_yevgeni_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV_sanya_litvyak
recruit_character = SOV_makiri_zolgen
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_lavrenty_beriya
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_sudoplatov
recruit_character = SOV_pistolet_makarova
recruit_character = SOV_boris_savinkov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV_karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_nikola_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_tributs
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_lev_trotsky

recruit_character = SOV_andrei_zhdanov
recruit_character = SOV_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_dzhugashvili









### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {			
		name = "AG Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"			# represents Debakrist, B class, L-55 sub
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series II Leninets"				# represents Leninets series II, XI
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_LENINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series V Shchuka"				# represents Shchuka series III, V, V-bis, V-bis-2
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"				# 'Stalinets', series IX, IX-bis, IX-bis-2 and P-class
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_STALINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series X Shchuka"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orfey Class"						# represents Yakov Sverdlov, Frunze, and Orfey classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fidonisi Class"						# represents Fidonisi and Izyaslav classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bug Class"					# minelayer
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Komintern Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chervona Ukraina Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marti Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1				# minelayer
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kirov Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = SOV_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
		}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marat Class"					
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series X Shchuka"
			type = submarine_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				sub_engine_upgrade = 3
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 3
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Maxim Gorky Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Submarines #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series XIII Leninets"				
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = SOV_SS_LENINETS
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series XIV K-Class"				
			type = ship_hull_submarine_3
			name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_3
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			}
		}
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gnevnyy Class"				
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Soobrazitelnyi Class"				
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tashkent Class"				
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_3
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
	}
}